c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\ITKNews.dll
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\ITKNews.pdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.dll
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.pdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\obj\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
c:\users\saisa\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ITKNews\ITKNews\ITKNews\bin\Debug\ITKNews.dll.mdb
